ou read this post: The empowr coin strategy  

 

How the new empowr green (EMPRG) will work

Everyone will be able to swap their old coins (EMPRO) for the new coin (EMPRG). 

At the time of the swap, each 1 trillion EMPRO coins will be worth 0.00002 EMPRG coin.

Since the circulating supply of EMPRO coins are currently valued at $20,000 USD, the initial supply of EMPRG will be .02 coins with a value of $1 million USD per coin. 

Why price 1 EMPRG coin at $1 million USD? 

The supply of the new EMPRG coin will need to increase over time to ensure citizens continue to be paid a lot of coins for posting, sharing and their other activities within the economy.

￼By starting at a high price per coin, if we ever need to do another coin swap, it will take a longer period of time before we need to do that.  Given the engineering resources required to complete a coin swap, the longer period of time before we ever need to do another coin swap, the better.

Updates to your balance and earnings

Aside from the actual launching of the new coin, very few changes will be noticeable to you due to the changes made from the transition to the empowr green coin.

You can expect the following platform changes within the next 36 hours as we move to the new coin:

1) Enabling coin swaps

·         Any EMPRO coins in your Coin Savings Vault will be automatically converted to the new EMPRG coin.

o   The conversion rate is 1 trillion EMPRO to 0.00002 EMPRG coin.

o   Example: If you have 25 trillion EMPRO coins, you’ll have 0.0005 EMPRG coins after the conversion

Any EMPRO coins transferred into your Coin Savings Vault will also automatically be converted to the new EMPRG coin at the same rate. You can transfer in your coins here: https://secure.empowr.com/FBBank/Default.aspx?TransferIn=1

2) Balance updates  

Any time you choose to view the value of something in empowr coins, it will be the value based on the empowr green coin (EMPRG) and not the old orange (EMPRO) coins.

3) Trading bonus updates

After the swap, trading bonuses will only be awarded for trades with the new empowr green coin (EMPRG).

Keep in mind that trading is a major factor in determining how much of your earnings you can cash advance and shop in the marketplace with, so you’ll want to start trading EMPRG as soon as possible to ensure you can maximize your cash advanced and shopping balance.

Recently, we announced that it is now up to 10 times easier to get your trading progress bar filled, which has since led to a large increase in cash advances and purchases in the marketplace. Those changes will remain in place with the empowr green coin.

All the above changes are expected to be live within the next 36 hours.


And that’s it! The new empowr green coin is already live on the blockchain and available for trading on DDEX.

While transfer ins and cash outs with EMPRG will not be available for another 36 hours, those interested in getting their hands on some EMPRG coins can get them on DDEX: https://hydro.ddex.io/trade/EMPRG-WETH

With the new coin live and trading volume on the rise as a result, we will soon be back in a good position where sellers will have are able to replenish their inventories quickly, which aligns with our new ‘Buy’ listing feature (as opposed to ‘Sell’) which should be ready to go live in the next 1-2 weeks. More details coming soon.

 

Any questions?

Let me know in the comments below so I can do my best to help!
contact link 
  website: 
http://www.empowr.com/nidipower (edit?)


Brian 

Sahidin

Let me know in the comments below so I can do my best to help!
contact link 
  URL: http://www.empowr.com/coin?v=nidipower



Brian 

Sahidin
